content/pages/posts/basic-rules-for-walking-in-the-mountains.md, before:

---
title: Why Art For Covid?
excerpt: >-
  Hiking is sometimes referred to as such. This specifically refers to difficult
  walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or bushes, where forward progress
  requires pushing vegetation aside.
thumb_img_path: images/charming-ant.png
thumb_img_alt: A man standing on a rock cliff overlooking a river
content_img_path: images/1.jpg
seo:
  title: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
  description: >-
    Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
    bushes.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
        bushes.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
        bushes.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
---
Art for COVID is an initiative by Dhairya Nagpal aimed at raising funds for organisations involved in humanitarian efforts against the second wave of COVID-19 in India.

Commit message:

basic-rules-for-walking-in-the-mountains.md: updated excerpt

content/pages/posts/basic-rules-for-walking-in-the-mountains.md, after:

---
title: Why Art For Covid?
excerpt: >-
  Art for COVID is an initiative by Dhairya Nagpal aimed at raising funds for
  organisations involved in humanitarian efforts against the second wave of
  COVID-19 in India.
thumb_img_path: images/charming-ant.png
thumb_img_alt: A man standing on a rock cliff overlooking a river
content_img_path: images/1.jpg
seo:
  title: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
  description: >-
    Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
    bushes.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
        bushes.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Basic Rules For Walking In The Mountains
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Hiking refers to difficult walking through dense forest, undergrowth, or
        bushes.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
---
Art for COVID is an initiative by Dhairya Nagpal aimed at raising funds for organisations involved in humanitarian efforts against the second wave of COVID-19 in India.
